DB Viewer - database table view with inline dynamic joins
=========================================================

This program provides a PHP-HTML-Javascript web interface
for interacting with a SQL Database, allowing you to:

* (in Table View)

    * type in Queries and view/browse the results in a table format.

    * you can hide/show rows and columns, and click on key fields to join in data from new tables.

* (in Tree View)

    * see a Tree View of your SQL data, with expandable/collapsable Nodes
      - powered by (d3.js)[https://d3.js]

    * customize a definition of the Root Conditions and other-table Relationships
      that reflect a Tree or Hierarchy of rows within your Database

* (in Object Editor)

    * Create (Insert) or Edit (Update) Rows in your Database via your web browser.


Table View
----------

### Join-Splice more data into your view

* click a header / field name that corresponds to an id in another table
  and see the data from that table get automatically spliced into your view
* can connect in the following ways:
    * connect fields named `<table>_id` to the `<table>_id` of the `<table>` table
        * or if `$id_mode == "id_only"`, to the `id` of the `<table>` table
    * connect fields named `<table>_iid` to the `<table>_iid` of the `<table>` table - #todo test
        * or if `$id_mode == "id_only"`, to the `iid` of the `<table>` table
    * connect fields named `<table>` to the `name` field of the `<table>` table

### Show and Hide Columns and Rows

* Only available with `show_hide_mode = true`
* click a column to hide it, shift-click to show again
* alt-click a row to hide it, shift-alt-click to show again

### Many-to-many and Back-linking Relationships

* This is for expanding data into your Table View when you have a
  many-to-many or many-to-one relationship where the connecting Key
  field is on the other table, not the table you are currently
  browsing.

* In the query table view, alt-click on a primary key field.
    * A menu come up asking which connection you want
    * Click a connection and the database will automatically be queried to get the related data you asked for
    * The data will then be spliced into your existing table view.
    * The newly-opened data is now colored to distinguish it from the data from the original table.



Object Editor - Autogenerated HTML CRUD Form using SQL Schema
-------------------------------------------------------------
Besides the Table View, the Object Editor is the other main view in DB Viewer.
Whereas the Table View represents a set of rows that is the result of a SQL
query, the Object Editor represents a single row in an editable format.

### Create (Insert) or Edit (Update) Rows in your Database via your web browser

#### Inserting Rows 
By default, the Object Editor just provides a blank form for whatever `table`
is selected, by looking in the `information_schema` to see what the fields are
and build the form accordingly.  The blank form can be filled out and submitted
to insert a new row into the table.

#### Updating Rows
You can also use the Object Editor view to edit an existing row by sending the
GET var `edit=1` as well as a value for `primary_key` so it knows which object/row
to edit.  The form inputs should be autopopulated with the values from the row.

