Object Editor - Autogenerated HTML CRUD Form using SQL Schema
=============================================================

Besides the Table View and the Tree View, the Object Editor is the other
main view in DB Viewer.  The Object Editor represents a single row or "object"
in a table or view, providing a Web Interface so you can Create and Edit rows.

For a Component-Based Specification of the elements of the Object Editor,
see the [Behavior Spec](/docs/behavior_spec/obj_editor.md).

Create (Insert) or Edit (Update) Rows in your Database via your web browser
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Inserting Rows 
By default, the Object Editor just provides a blank form for whatever `table`
is selected, by looking in the `information_schema` to see what the fields are
and build the form accordingly.  The blank form can be filled out and submitted
to insert a new row into the table.

### Updating Rows
You can also use the Object Editor view to edit an existing row by sending the
GET var `edit=1` as well as a value for `primary_key` so it knows which object/row
to edit.  The form inputs should be autopopulated with the values from the row.


HTML View For Editing and Updating SQL Rows / "Objects"


The Table Header at the Top
---------------------------
The top header of the page displays the current Table of the object
you are Creating or Editing.  You can click it and choose a different
table, in order to create a new row of that table.

### Creating a new Row of a new Type
By default if you choose a different table and hit Enter,
it will give you a blank form to create a new Row within the new Table.

### Cloning a Row or changing its Type
If you hold down the Command key it will keep all the fields populated
from the previous Object.  This is useful for "cloning" an Object,
either into a different table or the same table, resulting in an Object
that shares all or some of the same field values with the first Object.
(I don't think it works for non-Mac yet since it uses Command key,
but I'm working on it).

Form of the Fields
------------------
The fields of the table will automatically be retrieved,
and Textboxes / Selects are provided for you to fill out
the Attributes/Fields/Columns of the Object/Row.

If you are editing an existing Object, the inputs will
automatically be populated.

By default, only the fields that actually contain something
will be sent in the request, unless you are blanking out a
field that was formerly populated, in which it by default
sets the field to NULL.


Mobile Travel Mode "MTM"
------------------------

This mode allows you to use DB Viewer when you are not connected with a web server.
Rows can be stored in HTML Local Storage and saved for a time when you connect
with the server.  Once you are connected, you can POST the accumulated rows to the
server to be added to your SQL database.


Todo
----

*   __Next and Previous Links, not just in MTM__
    They are analogous to the ones in Table View
    but they allow you to see/edit one Object at
    a time instead of one Page at a time.
    Already enabled in Mobile Travel Mode.

